I’m only saying one thing:
Break up with Ji Lingling,
and stay away from her.
Otherwise, these fun little things,
next time there’s a chance,
I’ll make sure you experience them personally.
Let him go.
Yes, sir.
Where are you taking me?
Back to where you came from.
If you like that little girl so much,
why not just keep her by your side?
Is it really necessary to go through all this trouble?
That’d be boring. Want to bet?
I’ll make her
willingly stay by my side.
Careful you don’t mess this up
and end up trapping yourself.
Hello?
Hey, little one.
You… how did you get my number?
Do you think that’s
hard for me to do?
Did you kidnap Wu Tai?
What else?
Please don’t hurt her.
Ji Lingling, you’re so nervous about her.
Hou Jiuling, Wu Tai has nothing
to do with our business.
Don’t hurt her.
I didn’t drag her
into this willingly.
Back in Florence,
I told you
to end this relationship
with her on your own.
Otherwise, I’d take care
of it for you.